* CalyxOS 2.4.0 - Android 11
* April Security update (2021-04-05)
* VoLTE and Wi-Fi Calling support for a lot more carriers
* microG: Potential fix for google account login issue
* Introducing Datura Firewall - our new Firewall app
* Makes the existing Wi-Fi / Mobile / VPN / Background data toggle easily accessible. More features to come!
* Add a Global cleartext network traffic restriction toggle to prevent all non-TLS traffic from leaving the device (including the OS, system apps and installed apps) Settings -> System -> Developer Options -> Restrict cleartext network traffic
* Include a Sensitive Phone Numbers list, hiding them from the call log.
* Dialer also gets a new helpline contact list based on the above. (Dialer -> Menu -> Helpline) for easy access.
* Add feature to optionally scamble the lockscreen PIN. Settings -> Security -> Screen lock -> Scramble layout
* The "Background data" toggle is now able to restrict background network access competelely (even when using Wi-Fi) and as such has been renamed
* Wi-Fi timeout feature - ability to set the Wi-Fi to turn
  off automatically after a certain time. Settings -> Network & Internet -> Wi-Fi -> Wi-Fi preferences -> Turn off Wi-Fi automatically
* microG: v0.2.18.204714
* Chromium: 89.0.4389.105
* Seedvault: Allow verify and re-generating the 12 word recovery code
* Ability to install Chromium (Trichrome) updates via F-Droid
* Add caffeine, heads up, Sync, AmbientDisplay, USB Tether and AOD QS Tiles
* Fix TTS Engine crash
* Use Cloudflare DNS as the fallback in more places
* Updates for all other included apps.

A2:
* Merge Xiaomi's March 2021 Security update
* Update Kernel to 4.4.261
* Include 10.0 Firmware (September 2020)

Note: Firmware is from September since upgrading to versions after that
requires a factory reset.

Pixel 2:
Note:
Google has stopped updating this device. This means that
they will not provide any more updates to the closed-source components,
such as the bootloader, modem firmware, and other firmware.
However, updates to the open source OS code and the Linux kernel
can still be merged by us, and are included in this build.