* CalyxOS 2.5.0 - Android 11
* May Security update (2021-05-05)
* Built-in Work profile support - create a new work profile directly from Settings without having to install any third party apps.
* Create a work profile from Settings -> System -> Multiple users -> Add user or profile -> Work profile
* You can select which apps to include in the profile, and also turn it on and off as you want. More to come in future updates!
* Integration of Aurora Services for Aurora Store - Supports installing updates in the background seamlessly. New installs still need confirmation.
* Enable from: Aurora Store -> Settings -> Installation -> Installation method -> "Aurora Services"
* VoLTE and Wi-Fi Calling support fixes, should now work on all carriers supported on stock
* microG: Include 'Alt sign in' option to fix account login issues
* Include option to prevent toggling quick settings when on a secure lockscreen (i.e. PIN / Password / Pattern set) - prevents using them completely
* Settings -> Security -> "Gear icon" next to Screen lock -> Quick settings - default is allow toggling from lockscreen
* Seedvault: Backup and restore Datura Firewall settings
* Seedvault: Backup and restore additional settings added to CalyxOS
* Seedvault: Call log backup speed improvements, should be a lot faster for those with a long history of calls.
* Dialer: Allow disabling calling account selection dialog (Signal / WhatsApp calling option), from Dialer -> menu (top right) -> Settings -> Display options
* Allow disabling Presidential alerts, from Settings -> Apps and notifications -> Advanced -> Wireless emergency alerts
* Active Edge Gesture: Fix settings being reset
* Enable Doze for improved battery life when using microG
* Datura Firewall: Fix sorting bug
* Music (Eleven): Upstream updates and bugfixes
* Calendar (Etar): Upstream updates and bugfixes
* Chromium: 90.0.4430.91
* Updates for all other included apps.

A2:
* Qualcomm code updates.

Note:
Firmware is from September 2020 since upgrading to versions after that
requires a factory reset.

Pixel 2:
Note:
Google has stopped updating this device. This means that
they will not provide any more updates to the closed-source components,
such as the bootloader, modem firmware, and other firmware.
However, updates to the open source OS code and the Linux kernel
can still be merged by us, and are included in this build.